chore: replace references of jimmctl with jaas plugin (#92)
canonical/jaas-documentation: howto/manage-relations.md

Given two entities A and B, to verify that there is a specific relation between them, run the `auth relation check` command followed by the tag of A, the relation, and the tag of B. For example:

```text
juju check-permission user-alice@canonical.com administrator controller-aws-controller-1
```

> See more: {ref}`juju check-permission <summary-11>`

(view-all-the-current-relations)=
## View all the current relations

> To view all the current relations, run the `auth relation list` command. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view all the current relations, run the `list-permissions` command. For example:
```

> Given two entities A and B and a pre-existing relation between them, to remove the relation, run the `auth relation remove` command followed by the tag of A, the relation, and the tag of B. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given two entities A and B and a pre-existing relation between them, to remove the relation, run the `remove-permission` command followed by the tag of A, the relation, and the tag of B. For example:
```

```text
juju remove-permission user-alice@canonical.com member group-mygroup
```

> > > See more: {ref}`view-all-the-current-relations`, {ref}`juju remove-permission <summary-13>`

Reviewer: Here and in other places: The anchor is wrong. (Clicking on `juju remove-permission` shows `jaas import-model`.)

Author: I've chosen to link to the start of the reference doc page (rather than the specific entry) for now, because the auto-generated doc doesn't yet have reliable anchors, so it will break the next time that doc changes.

Reviewer: But `<summary-13>` was not the start of the reference doc. Anyway, I can fix that later myself.

Author: Yip it wasn't, but if we take the time to manually link to each `summary-X` right now, if we add/remove a command from/to the jaas plugin, all the numbers will change and the links will point to the wrong commands without anyone noticing. So I think it's better to get the auto-generated docs to have more concrete reference tags.

Reviewer: Indeed. As I was saying a while ago, I'd use anchors on the template "command-juju-....". (It's what we do in Juju docs.) But that's work for another PR.
